feat(changelog): changelog entries (#728)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/container-registry/january2022/2022-01-02-registry-changed-backend.mdx

---

> title: All regions were migrated to the new S3 backend (Hive)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Migration to the new S3 backend (HIVE) for all regions
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: Registry Team
    url: ''
date: 2022-01-02
category: compute
product: container-registry
---

> All regions were migrated to the new S3 backend (Hive) and are using its highly redundant #MultiAZ infrastructure in `FR-PAR` which would fix almost all issues with registry in the last few months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All regions were migrated to the new S3 backend (HIVE) and are now using its highly redundant #MultiAZ infrastructure in `FR-PAR`. As a result, almost all recent issues regarding the registry are resolved. 
```
